That's not possible.
How is that possible?
My peerless sword
I can't stop chopping your kitchen knife
You are not a peerless knife
It's junk.
There is such a good knife in the world
If this knife is turned into a war knife to equip the whole army
Am I invincible if I am greater than that?
Good to have such weapons
Our army can definitely cut off the world
Appoint Wang Xun to the Arms Bureau
Build 100,000 knives in two months
No mistake, thank the emperor
The duck that arrived in the mouth was actually robbed by Wang Xun
Your Highness, I am not reconciled
I'm going to kill him with my own hands
As soon as you load Wang Xun
It can only make the emperor distrust Wang Ying even more
The weak get angry
The strong will only defeat their opponents domineering
Go ahead.
What's your new plan?
Fuding draws new
What does it mean to be lucky to draw a new father? Please explain it clearly.
The announcement of complementarity is in the hands of the prince
Don't give him money
Don't forgive him
Look at him.
How to forge a sword
If you can't make 100,000 knife in two months
Delayed the northern warriors
Hahahaha
Even immortals
Can't save him either